documentation/tutorials_and_links.md, before:

![IWTE banner](../IWTEgithub_images/IWTEbanner.jpg)
# IWTE Tutorials and Links

List of recommended tutorials on other sites.
Please let us know of other links.

## Rome Remastered

IWTE - Rome Remastered Functions
https://wiki.twcenter.net/index.php?title=IWTE_-_Rome_Remastered_Functions

Kirsi's - mapping guide  
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1b4hKawiIf2ZoqsBnGUNpsGQowbgMrusI/view?usp=drivesdk

How to create brand new Engines in RR - by Sirrianus Dagovax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fXI1Wkgegw

## Medieval 2

IWTE Project section on TWC https://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?2047-The-IWTE-Project

Fynn's - Medieval 2 Modding: How to convert mesh to dae using IWTE to edit models in blender  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Tx_xjQJPYk

Lerynian's - Basic Unit Modding in Medieval 2/ Blender and IWTE  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3j9T1TTIQY&t=1876s

Lerynian's - Spear making for Medieval 2  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eON1J3SERog

WK's   - IWTE tutorials part 1: Introduction to IWTE  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGKOLph84GU

WK's - Medieval-2-Toolkit  
https://github.com/WK-313/Medieval-2-Toolkit

Commit message:

Update tutorials_and_links.md added RR unit card link

documentation/tutorials_and_links.md, after:

![IWTE banner](../IWTEgithub_images/IWTEbanner.jpg)
# IWTE Tutorials and Links

List of recommended tutorials on other sites.
Please let us know of other links.

## Rome Remastered

IWTE - Rome Remastered Functions - [TWC Wiki page](https://wiki.twcenter.net/index.php?title=IWTE_-_Rome_Remastered_Functions)

[Kirsi's - mapping guide](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1b4hKawiIf2ZoqsBnGUNpsGQowbgMrusI/view?usp=drivesdk)  

[How to create brand new Engines in RR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fXI1Wkgegw) - video tutorial by Sirrianus Dagovax

[Unit Card Rendering in Blender for RR](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/v14m86vqjikvcliaklzji/Unit_Card_Render_PBR_UDIM_add_on.rar?rlkey=npbahxic5gw3gmct7zhhj3x82&st=poibnyr4&dl=0) -  a version of Feral’s unit card scene renderer with PBR texture use and shaders by Swagger and UDIM setup by Makanyane, with included pdf instructions. 


## Medieval 2

IWTE Project section on TWC https://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?2047-The-IWTE-Project

Fynn's - Medieval 2 Modding: How to convert mesh to dae using IWTE to edit models in blender  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Tx_xjQJPYk

Lerynian's - Basic Unit Modding in Medieval 2/ Blender and IWTE  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3j9T1TTIQY&t=1876s

Lerynian's - Spear making for Medieval 2  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eON1J3SERog

WK's   - IWTE tutorials part 1: Introduction to IWTE  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGKOLph84GU

WK's - Medieval-2-Toolkit  
https://github.com/WK-313/Medieval-2-Toolkit
